there's a great opportunity awaiting you
whether you need to support yourself
while studying or you want a second shot
at working again if you wish to embrace
an independent career after retiring or
make a big switch and be your own boss
it's time to seize the opportunity and
become an entrepreneur join one of the
leading general insurance companies as a
digital insurance advisor that is point
of sales person posp
a zero investment business with flexible
work hours you just need to be 18 years
or older with a minimum qualification of
class 10 through our feature-rich mobile
app we'll handhold you through the
entire process
once you're certified you can start
earning commissions by issuing instant
online policies through the app and
start living your dreams
your customers will enjoy our suite of
benefits including comprehensive product
options motor health and business
insurance broad network of cashless
garages and hospitals hassle-free
servicing and in-house claims support
sign up today to begin this exciting and
rewarding journey
icici lombard nepali
[Music]